Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
An in-depth report?
Right.
To recruit new graduates, we're doing
a JTC company intro as an online project.
And it's called...
Our Worthwhile JTC Life
Project Head: Ashida
Our Worthwhile JTC Life!
Our Worthwhile JTC Life?
What is that?
You've started living together, yes?
I want you to chronicle your home
and work life as a blog on the site.
Full of life!
That way, people will know JTC is a company
that's all about husband-and-wife work teams.
Seriously?
Oh, of course, only
to the extent that you can.
It doesn't have to include anything
about kissing or making out.
Well, no need make a big fuss over it.
Isojima
Just be natural.
Z Coffee
Are You Serious About Living Under the Same Roof?
A web-based report? Talk about sudden.
We're better off not doing it.
For some reason, Kurokawa-san
thinks we're living together.
But what if this is a trap?
To find out if our marriage
story is true or not.
Kurokawa-san suspects us?
That I don't know.
But I'm sure someone is watching us.
We received those weird
phone calls multiple times.
I think that makes it all the more dangerous.
We keep getting into all
these unexpected situations.
That's true.
To put this in sumo terms...
Sumo?
Dosukoi
Dosukoi! Dosukoi!
In your mind, you're only
going to take one step forward,
but somehow you end up
falling out of the ring.
Dosukoi!
That makes so much sense.
If you're not careful, you could end up
all the way out in Tokyo Bay.
Tokyo Bay?!
Dosukoi!
If we live together and blog about it,
there's no telling what might happen.
Be calm!!
That's why giving up might be an option now.
I'll take responsibility
for the Alaska transfer.
So, you're going to give up and go to Alaska?
I don't want to go there,
and I don't want you going there either.
I say we do Our Worthwhile JTC Life!
Dosukoi
Dosukoi! Dosukoi!
The truth is, I think we
should do this project too.
But let's calm down and think about this.
If we take on this project, it might
mean we have to live together.
It would come down to that?!
Kurokawa-san is already
under that impression.
In that case, your apartment
is highly likely to be where it happens,
in terms of living space
and societal aspects.
And I'm also concerned about Kama-chan.
We have to be able to maintain
his lifestyle expectations.
I'm not good at snap decisions,
so please allow me some time.
Yes, all right.
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Nyotai-san Summit
Tsukubasan Shrine
Attention Mountain Hikers
Whoa, scary!
This is Benkei Nana Modori?
Looks like it'll fall.
I never get bored of looking at this rock.
It looks like it could fall at any moment,
but it's been like this for ages.
I'm sure it won't work.
But...
things have been messy,
and so many things keep happening.
It's like a deluge.
We even kissed.
Even now, I don't have my feelings sorted out.
I'm sure if I live with someone now,
it will mean a mountain of shame.
But even if it won't work, I want to try.
I want to go out with you.
Ohara-kun has reached out
to me again and again.
I have to make a decision!
Are you ready, Ohara-kun?
Here I go.
I'm taking the plunge!
Right into your world!
Benkei Nana Modori
Come on, "allow me some time"?
It's been five days already, Honjoji-san!
Then again, this isn't unexpected.
One minute she can't stop talking,
then she suddenly goes silent.
She went straight from a kiss
to situational analysis.
I can never predict her next move.
I'm gradually reaching the point
where nothing can faze me anymore.
It's amazing what you can get used to.
Honjoji-san.
I know I took a long time.
Let's do it!
Our Worthwhile JTC Life!
And so, I have this.
Guidelines I made for today's project.
I call it the Stay Within Bounds Plan!
Stay Within Bounds Plan
The Stay Within Bounds... Plan?
In order to safely create
this JTC cohabitation report,
I put together a draft plan concerning ways to
prevent any and all trouble from occurring.
It's just like traveling.
The same way a trip has an itinerary,
you and I need a plan
since we're bad at socializing.
Th-That tracks.
Let's go over this together and decide
how to approach the online report.
All right.
This isn't going to inconvenience Kama-chan?
Oh, it's fine right now.
Kama is in his favorite room.
Three Articles of Prevention
Refrain from sudden actions.
Be attentive to your own feelings, not your counterpart's.
These are the three basic rules.
Raise your hand before taking action!
Uh, about this "Raise your hand
before taking action" one—
I wish to speak.
In this way, we raise our hand
and announce it before any action.
I think this can protect
against unforeseen accidents.
Um, in that case...
Don't forget the hand.
Oh, right. I wish to speak.
Does this cover how we act
inside this apartment?
We aren't going to do this at work, right?
I wish to speak!
That's right.
It kind of seems like prison.
In broad terms, the goal is the same.
As for where to cohabitate, when taking
optics and Kama-chan's care into account,
I still think your apartment is the way to go.
I agree.
During this time, should we equally split
the rent and utility bills?
Uh, that's...
Oh. You have your own apartment,
so you needn't bother!
Yes, but...!
Don't worry, it's okay!
Let me at least help with utilities!
No, no, no.
Yes, yes, yes!
Raising our hand each time
is going to get tiring.
That it is.
Let's forgo it when we're having
an ongoing conversation.
All right, I will now set up the tent.
Tent?
There are two people
and a cat in this apartment.
We have to make sure this isn't a burden,
especially for Kama-chan.
I will live in the tent, except
when we're working on the report.
As for where it wouldn't be
inconvenient for Kama-chan...
Secondary
Residence
Wild Land
Main
Residence
Wild (Food) Land
I will set up next to the window here.
R-Right.
I-I wish to speak!
Yow!
U-Um, for today, what
should we do about dinner?
Are you hungry?
Right, dinner...
What were we going to do about dinner?
I'll go buy something.
Huh? Don't trouble yourself.
I was going to go shopping anyway.
I'll leave that to you, then.
R-Right, I'll get going.
I-I can't handle the tension!
Are we really going to live together?!
It's bigger than I expected.
This has to be an inconvenience.
Let's see, what's left for us to consider?
K-Kama-chan!
The true head of this household!
Unless we get his permission,
there'll be no report or anything!
He's a timid one.
I mustn't pay any attention
or show any affection.
Hold still, hold still.
Kama-chan, I mean you no harm.
I won't interfere with you one bit.
Does this mean I've been accepted?
Or not?
I-I'm home.
W-Welcome back.
So, Honjoji-san.
I'm about to cook dinner.
Would you care to join me?
Cook?
Oh.
Cook?!
Uh, yes! What do you say?
Oh no.
We should have figured out
where this line was ahead of time.
Right now it's an experiment to see how
independent we'll be while living together.
Unless we firmly draw the line on
where our boundaries are,
things will gradually erode, and
unforeseen things will crop up!
Just like the other day.
But he's suddenly taking care of me.
Oops. Maybe she doesn't want to
eat something someone prepared.
She bought her own food
the last time she ate here.
Uh, it'll just be a simple dinner.
You don't have to feel obligated to eat it.
Oh, not at all!
I'll have some! I certainly will.
Things are falling apart already.
I guess there's no avoiding it, though.
What?!
It's only been 15 minutes.
You can make this much that quickly?
I usually prepare in advance,
so there wasn't much to make.
Sorry that the rice was microwaved.
Uh.
Um, can I open a window?
S-Sure.
I might smell like sweat
after putting up that tent.
What was that all about?
Does my apartment smell?
Time to eat.
Th-This is very good!
Thank you.
I've never tasted anything
like this. Is it ethnic?
It uses duqqa.
Duqqa? You mean the Egyptian condiment?
That's right. I bought it
at a bazaar in Cairo.
I like collecting spices.
I buy some every time I travel,
so I have a lot of mystery spices.
Wow, I didn't know
Ohara-kun had such a hobby.
When I travel, all I pay
attention to is the terrain.
When I make things like spiced curry,
I enjoy mixing these in different ways.
Like making potions when you're a kid.
Making potions? What is that?
You didn't do that when you were little?
You make medicine by mixing
things like pepper and leaves.
So, that's the kind of kid he was.
Wow, he has all sorts of spices.
He's been to a range of countries.
These are pretty. What are they?
Aren't they? They're chili
peppers from Brazil.
Th-The meal was great.
Oh, yes, it was.
Boundaries, boundaries.
And now, I'm faced with a big problem.
I need to go to the bathroom!
I'd also like to brush my teeth after eating.
And change into something more comfortable!
But I can't do those things here!
How goes it? I'm willing to do the dishes.
Th-Things are fine.
I can't use the bathroom
with him so close by.
O-Ohara-kun, listen!
Yes?
I'm going to drop by my place.
Huh?
I'm done with the dishes.
I won't be gone long.
See you then.
Now's my chance to use the bathroom!
I was so nervous.
This is how it feels to live together?
Is this going to go on indefinitely?
I didn't realize living alone...
...could seem so relaxing.
I'll exhaust myself if I have to run
home for the bathroom every time.
Maybe I'll do it at a convenience store.
Let's see, things to decide on
when I get back.
There's so much, it's overwhelming.
I've returned.
Oh, welcome back.
Honjoji-san, I was wondering.
What will you do about bathing?
B-Bathing!
I'd have to undress here.
Not happening! I couldn't
even manage to use the toilet!
But not bathing could be a problem.
And I'm already sweaty from putting up
the tent and running to and from home.
Plus it's hotter than expected
inside the tent!
Might as well go home again.
My place
Ohara-kun's place
But I just got back, so to go home
right now would be weird!
Go home
Don't bathe
Bathe here
I-I can't decide!
Oh, um! I'm not saying
you have to bathe here!
U-Uh oh. Did I say something weird just now?!
How should I have phrased it?
I don't know,
I've never been in this situation!
I didn't mean anything weird by it!
I-I can't decide!
Oh hey, how about a public bathhouse?
A bathhouse!
There's one a short walk from here.
All right, I'll do it there.
Hang on a minute!
I'll go too.
Ohara-kun...
I'll go buy toiletries, then.
Right.
Monthly Bic Spitz
I couldn't bring myself to send her to a
public bath while I use my own at home.
I was going to pretend to go to the
bathhouse and drop by home instead,
but now I have no choice.
Hot Baths
So, you can feel free to leave
as soon as you're done.
Sure, all right.
I'm sure he left already.
You waited for me?
Uh, well, I thought maybe I should.
Oh, thank you.
Someone was waiting for me.
That makes me happy.
Honjoji-san sure is pretty.
Oh.
Sorry.
After this...
...what happens next?
Is something going to happen?
Is something... going to happen?
Something like...
Well...
Good night.
I can't sleep!
It felt like something was
going to happen between us!
And yet, nothing did.
I can't wake her up. What am I doing?
I can't sleep.
Part of me wants something to happen,
and part of me doesn't!
And I'm starting to fry inside this tent!
It has great insulation!
Weather
Messages
Here's hoping for the best.
Agreed.
What kind of relationship do we have right now?
No way, there's no way I can send this!
What would I do if she saw this
and went, "Huh?"
Are you still awake?
I'm awake.
H-Honjoji-san, what's this
supposed to mean?!
I sent that because
I couldn't stand the tension.
Now how do I reply?
Does this mean "Let's talk," or
does it mean "Stop rustling around?"
I wonder how he interpreted it.
It wasn't a big deal or anything.
"Never mind. Good night."
"Talk to you again tomorrow."
No, not that. Not that!
Um, um...!
Is the tent making it too difficult to sleep?
Was I making too much noise?
Is the tent making it too
difficult to sleep?
Was I making too much noise?
Augh! I'm making her fret over me!
Augh! What I texted was overbearing!
I got impatient!
It's not like that.
It's not, it's not!
Was I making too much noise?
May I join you in there?
May I join you out there?
C-Can't press it!
Honjoji-san?!
I'm sorry. It's so hot in there
I thought I would die.
Please, cool down outside!
Th-Thank you.
Grown-up romance is such a hassle.
Every little thing seems so important,
I can't make any decisions.
If we...
If we went ahead and got married,
maybe we wouldn't have to worry so much.
That's right.
Would it be so wrong if we did get married?
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Good night.